# ICLS Documentation #
Version 1.0

## Contributors ##
Tim Habersack (tim@hithlonde.com - http://tim.hithlonde.com)

## Getting Started ##
* Make sure you have the boto python package installed. See [Boto, a Python package](https://code.google.com/p/boto/)
* Set your configuration in the config.py file.
   * To get your access and private key: https://aws-portal.amazon.com/gp/aws/securityCredentials
   * Choose a name for your domain (Under which all entries will be posted. Think of it like a table name.)
   * Choose your region, note pricing is different for each region (https://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/pricing/). Options are:
      * "us-east" - US East (Virginia)   
      * "us-west-1" - US West (Northern California)
      * "us-west-2" - US West (Oregon)
      * "eu-west-1" - EU (Ireland)
      * "ap-southeast-1" - Asia Pacific (Singapore)
      * "ap-northeast-1" - Asia Pacific (Tokyo)
      * "sa-east-1" - South America (Sao Paulo)
   * Choose a default tag, if you wish. This hashtag will be appended to your entry if you use the '-d' flag.
* You're all set. I'd recommend making an alias of "python /path/to/icls.py" so it's shorter to type.

## Using ICLS ##
(Assuming 'icls'='python /path/to/icls.py')

Using ICLS is a breeze. There are several basic functions of ICLS:

* Add an entry to ICLS
* Generate a report of entries, optional start date, end date
* Run a search of entries, optional is tag, search term, start date, finish date
* Delete an entry

### Adding an entry ###
* icls "Entry text here."
* icls -c "Entry that will have the completed hashtag appended to it."
* icls -d "Entry that will have the default tag from your config file appended to it."
Of course, you can combine tags, so:
'icls -cd "An entry with default tag and completed tag appended."

### Reports ###
* icls -r
   * Returns all entries.
* icls -r 2012-03-01
   * Returns all entries that were posted on or after 2012-03-01.
* icls -r 2012-03-01 2012-03-31
   * Returns all entries that were posted on or between 2012-03-01 and 2012-03-31.

### Searching ###
* icls -s term,term2,etc
   * Returns all entries that contain all of the terms
* icls -s term,term2,etc 2012-03-01
   * Returns all entries that contain all of the terms that were posted on or after 2012-03-01
* icls -s term,term2,etc 2012-03-01 2012-03-31
   * Returns all entries that contain all of the terms that were posted on or between 2012-03-01 and 2012-03-31
* icls -st tag1,tag2
   * Returns all entries that contain tag1 and tag2. Note date ranges work with the -t flag as well

### Deleting ###
* icls -p e602e824-d92a-49e2-892e-310197c38555
   * Deletes an entry with that ID associated with it.

## License ##

Copyright 2012 Tim Habersack.

ICLS is licensed under a GNU General Public License (GPL) v3.
